I don't know why I love you like I do I
don't know why I just do I don't know
why you tell me like you do I don't know
what you just do you never seem to want
my ramaa
the only time you hold me is one with
I don't know why I love you like I do I
don't know all day long you're asking me
what I did you whole day long I'm
answering but what good does it do I
have nothing to explain
I just love you to love you and I'll
tell you once again
I love you
I don't know why
you never seem to want my ramen the only
time you'll hold me if when we're
dancing oh I don't know why I love you
like I do
I don't know
I don't know why I'm crazy over you I
don't know why but it's true oh that's
really all I do I'm done happy and blue
you let me give you one little girl
if I talk of love but you talk about the
weather
why don't
I love you like I do